Update localizer docs post git migration (#242)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/mercurial/tracking_back_string_to_bug.md

# How to identify Bugzilla bugs that introduced a string

Sometimes it’s helpful to identify which bug on [Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org) introduced a specific string, for example to check if an issue was already reported, or find out more information on a feature.

Note: These instructions apply only to projects that make use of Bugzilla, which currenly are Firefox projects for desktop and Android.

## Find the string

The first step is to identify where the string is within the Mercurial repository by using [Searchfox](https://searchfox.org/).

For example, if you want to know which bug introduced the string `Password quality meter`, you can search for the [string](https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/search?q=Password+quality+meter&path=&case=false&regexp=false). This may return multiples strings with the same text, so to find the exact string you can use the the [identifier](https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/search?q=password-quality-meter&path=&case=false&regexp=false) (which can be found from [CONTEXT](../pontoon/ui.md#context) in Pontoon).

The results may look something like this:

![Searchfox](../../assets/images/mercurial/searchfox.png)

> We can further refine results to only localization files by using `locales/en-US` in the `Path filter` field in the top right to limit search results to localization files.

Reviewer: [We ⇾ You](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/documentation/blob/main/src/misc/documentation_styleguide.md#general-rules)

`locales-en-US` only works for desktop, not Android. Maybe more useful to call out::
* For Firefox, limit the search to `.ftl` or `.properties` (info on the file available in CONTEXT).
* For Android, limit the search to `.xml`.

Author: Updated, also added a way to copy/paste check for both (`{.ftl,.properties}`)

![Searchfox](../../assets/images/mercurial/searchfox-path.png)

Clicking on the string will open the file in Searchfox and highlight the string.

## Find the bug

> Searchfox shows details on the revision that each line of code was introduced to the file, represented on the left hand sign as a bar with alternating shades of gray. Hovering over the bar next to the highlighted line containing your string will show you the revision details. The first line of the revision details contains a bug reference, a number represented as a link. Clicking the link will take you to Bugzilla where you can then check things like dependencies and comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Searchfox shows details on the revision in which each line of code was introduced to the file, represented on the left hand sign as a bar with alternating shades of gray. Hovering over the bar next to the highlighted line containing your string will show you the revision details. The first line of the revision details contains a bug reference, a number represented as a link. Clicking the link will take you to Bugzilla where you can then check things like dependencies and comments.
```

![Searchfox](../../assets/images/mercurial/searchfox-revision.png)

### Examining the changeset in Mercurial

> You can also access the changeset in Mercurial. To view that, click `full diff` on the third line that says `Show annoated diff or full diff`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also access the changeset in Mercurial. To view that, click `full diff` on the third line that says `Show annotated diff or full diff`.
```
